Title: Writeup for Project 1, Fall 2009

Date: 09/19/09

Group Num 11: Name              Email               Student ID
              Ankur Chauhan     ankurcha@usc.edu    
              Max Pflueger      pflueger@usc.edu    5888-2249-87
              Aneesha Mathew    aneesham@usc.edu    

 vim:textwidth=75

I. Requirements:
    + Part 1:

        We are expected to implement all methods for the Lock and Condition
        classes.  Our code should not assume that threads will always follow
        the rules, and should check for and report illegal operations, like
        releasing a lock the thread does not own.  If a thread performs an
        illegal operation, an error will be printed, but the error will be
        ignored and the thread will continue to function.  For the condition
        class our code will follow Mesa semantics, meaning that when a thread
        wakes up on a condition variable, it will go to the back of the run
        queue, not the front.

    + Part 2:

        We are expected to build a hospital simulation that conforms to the
        interaction rules specified in the problem statement.  The simulation
        has to be multi-threaded and should use only the Lock and Condition
        classes from part 1 for synchronization.  The simulation should be
        robust to context switches and should not contain any race conditions.
        Each type of person in the hospital should be represented by a type of
        thread and all their interactions should be simulated by thread
        interactions.

        Additionally we are expected to implement tests to verify each of the
        conditions specified under testing.  These tests shoud be easy to run
        with nachos on the command line.

II. Assumptions:

III. Design:

IV. Implementation:
    + Files Modified
    + Files added
    + Data Structures added, and the file they were added to.
    + Data Structures modified, and the file they were added to.
    + Functions added and in which file.
    + Functions modified and in which file.

V. Testing: (For each test case, you must show)
    + How to test
    + Test Output

VI. Discussion:
    + Experiment expectation.  (What you hope will happen.)
    + Experiment result.  (What actually happens.)
    + Explanation

VII. Miscellaneous:

